The Force Awakens

episode 7

120 min

sci-fi
adventure
action
fantasy

The Force Awakens is set approximately 30 years after the
events of Return of the Jedi, and features new
leads Finn, Rey, and Poe Dameron alongside characters
returning from previous Star Wars films.

main characters

Rey was a human female scavenger and Force prodigy who
discovered her latent Force-sensitivity while on a journey
to find the legendary Jedi Master Luke Skywalker and
brind a new hope to a galaxy on the brink of war.

Finn was a human male who served as a First Order stormtrooper
designation FN-2187 and known to his fellow soldiers as Eight-Seven
He was considered one of the group's best stormtroopers before he
deserted to join the Resistance.

I'm not Resistance. I'm not a hero. I'm a stormtrooper.
Like all of them, I was taken from a family I'll never know.
And raised to do one thing. But my first battle, I made a choice.
I wasn't gonna kill for them. So I ran. Right into you. And you
looked at me like no one ever had. I was ashamed of what I was.
But I'm done with the First Order. I'm never going back.

The Force Awakens was announced after the Walt Disney
Company's acquisition of Lucasfilm in October 2012.
It was produced by Abrams, his longtime collaborator
Bryan Burk, and Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy.
Abrams and Lawrence Kasdan, co-writer of the original
trilogy films The Empire Strikes Bak (1980), rewrote
an initial script by Michael Arndt. John Williams,
composer for the previous six films, returned to compose
the film's score.

Lucas served as creative consultant during the film's
early production. Filming began in April 2014 in Abu Dhabi
and Iceland, with principal photography also taking place
in Ireland and Pinewood Studios in England and concluded in
November 2014. It is the first live-action film in the
franchise since Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith,
released ten years prior in 2005.

Watch the Trailer

other episodes

episode 5
episode 6
episode 8
rogue one

the death star is coming

00 days 20 hours 23 minutes 54 seconds

Star Wars 2017